but this is what auspiciousness is that
you freed it from your heart which is
awakened the heart must be awake in the
heart resides the spirit which is not
yet flowing in our consciousness in our
central nervous system it resides there
the joy itself I don't know if you have
ever seen phosphorous taken out of the
water and how it just gets ignited it's
like that inside the Maya the youjin
that and when this Kundalini Rises and
touches that spark it starts emitting
its joy it's auspicious unless and until
you have that within you you cannot feel
the auspiciousness of others take a
coconut for example put it the other way
now you won't get vibrations if you put
it this way the coconut coming up will
get poor vibrations there are certain
coconuts who give you very good
vibrations some give horrible ones and
you know human beings also have coconuts
some of the coconuts is such beautiful
revelation and some of them do not some
of them are tired some of them are
nothing but like a balloon of mr. ego or
some of them have nothing but super-ego
so this coconut is to be made auspicious
now how it is connected with spirit that
is a very important one how our brain is
connected with spirit whatever I am
telling you you need not believe me but
you'll find it out for yourself that
whatever I am saying is the truth your
heart has the spirit the light and the
heart has got seven or us around and
these seven are us get enlightened by
the spirit but before that it's a very
instantaneous or we can say a
simultaneous happening when the
Kundalini Rises there are seven centers
also in our brain in the cells there are
the seats of the Centers these seven
centers are represented again on the
seat you know that very well
all the sahaja Yogi's know where they
are so when these centers are
enlightened the aura start shining in
the heart
and this Center is actually the center
seat of the Spirit the Spirit has moved
from there and has gone to the heart
that's why in childhood you'll find
there's a opening here is a very soft
bone called as fontanel bone column this
year because the spirit comes out from
there and is settled on the heart you
know spirit also come up in the night
sometimes goes wrong Lindsey's so when
these centers in our brain get
enlightened by Kundalini one by one
first they are enlightened here then in
the brain then the auras in the heart
start getting enlightened ultimately
when this Center which is the center of
the heart here first ARA this point when
this one gets enlightened then the
spirit also gets a lighter fully and
then these auras become doubly shiny
then the auspiciousness is in many
dimensions starts expressing itself but
to keep that light on one has to keep
the Kundalini over here
then what happened then we are ruled by
our hearts indication than by our brains
how because the heart has the spirit
which emits vibration is not the brain
and you depend on your vibratory
awareness after realization the more you
depend on your vibratory awareness the
more you use your heart your spirit not
your brain the more you use your brain
again you go down because it is taken
over now by the state for example after
realization when you start thinking
about it I mean people can think of
anything I mean I can tell you have had
such experiences that they would think
that my mother is wearing a sari like
this even to this extent see they can do
but if you can just leave you are hard
to work it out and don't think because
you are in thoughtless awareness after
realization if you try to maintain that
sense pay attention to your heart and
let your spirit a bit itself so that it
fears how completely the confusion of
the brain and everything then you'll be
amazed that you cannot lose your web
your vibrations you cannot lose your
realization the simplest way is I mean
we have founded this that after
realization if you go for seven days
treatments it's smoking feed before my
photographic work so but give me GA when
I say my photograph finished the ego
comes up why how photograph first thing
comes up foolish I may be nothing all
right I agree I'm not what I raise your
Kundalini I've given you realization I
must be something after all
so why worry I am not taking away
anything from you then you start
establishing your auspiciousness the
sense of auspiciousness once you have
established it then you do not go this
very you don't like then inauspicious
things normally if there is somebody
inauspicious you say mother no we cannot
do anything about this gender all right
afterwards when you become very strong
you don't mind working on anyone
whatsoever but gradually you have to go
up to it I understand that but I can't
understand people using their
rationality Condors understand sahaja
yoga how can you understand this raise
power with your limited rationally I can
explain to an ant about your politics
but I cannot tell you how this divine
power would one day he asked me Jamel
Numerical what except it goes to what
dimensions and when I told you me said
it is incalculable that's it it isn't
finit you cannot calculate you should
put two mirrors facing each other and
put some object in between you cannot
calculate how many deflections you will
get
even that you see but you cannot
calculate but here I am talking about
something that does that which creates
me you cannot calculate all the
molecules and the atoms of one element
but I am talking about somebody who has
created them and who in every molecule
pulsate how can you understand sweetie
spring you can only become one with it
and enjoy a survivor II why do you want
to count the molecules why it is mended
it would be like a bad man going to the
seashore to have a nice but starts
counting the small little pebbles and
the grains of the sand get in enjoy you
become this is advaitha where you become
one all religions teach avoid otherwise
me where there is not the other one
you become one with that with the whole
ocean you become one a drop pick up the
ocean the all the powers of the oceans
are there for the that's what but there
are some people who say we believe in
white I know why we don't want to get
lost you're not lost you become the
whole but they want to keep their small
limitations now what is that small
limitation they want to keep
is called as mr. e G Oh which is a mix
which is a missus is a such a big myth
is equal because what do you do
human beings let me know what do you
make a chair
alright see people are even crowd if
they can make a chair thesis because
nobody can use their hands it is you
know that it's everything done by
machinist I don't know they cannot
create human beings otherwise they may
try that also so what do you do you
create something dead out of things
everything you said whatever your create
it have you done any living work so one
lady got very angry with me she said yes
we have created a true babe as you have
not created it was all there the life
was there you just brought it together
and it worked out that way is nothing
it's just like egg being what you say
that it they put it in the incubator it
is that simple thing you have got
nothing you have put life in it have you
let us confess it now we cannot convert
even one flower transform one flower
into a fruit later admitted what is this
ego then I do this and I do this I would
like that and I would have this and i i
i who is this mr. i who cannot do one
living thing just ask yourself very
simple
so you reach a conclusion it's a bit you
do not do it thing is that many times
have told you that some people going by
a train
with all their luggage on their head so
they said why are you carrying so much
damage on your head they said because
you want to reduce the weight of the
this ego is like that sitting on your
head I do it I do that but by
brainwashing you I cannot reduce how the
myth has to be broken the myth breaks
when Kundalini Rises then how you talk
is a very different language it is not
coming it is not going it is it it
becomes a third person then your power
which is flowing through your hands you
see that going through your at which you
are maneuvering you don't say I am
giving you realization room you just say
it is going it is rising it is not
coming even if it is your son you say I
cannot give know what to do like a lady
came with me too many comments and she's
very anxious that I a massive
realization to her son and others so I
told her you could be now you have come
all the way I know for this purpose but
now if the Kundalini doesn't rise do you
want me to say that Israel has no no no
no Mataji I know it doesn't rise then I
take you here my realization I cannot
hear it all right you try nobody doesn't
rise as the converter if the Kundalini
is not coming up what can we do about so
the Kundalini has to come spontaneous
with the living rose but after
realization you start doing living
things you can raise the Kundalini
you can pulsate the Kundalini I don't
know what pulsation so far I've not seen
any surge you'll be doing but you can
raise it alright you can give
realization with my photographic works
better
you can give vibrations now to be fed to
the plant but to the fruit or to any any
flower like this if it is done it will
come to life if you give vibration say
to a field of your seeds of force a weed
they can be multiplied they can be can
tamper or than order now you have
started giving vibrations using these
these people you are doing the living
work now you have become the ocean of
life so far you are not because the
power of life is to give life has come
now you are living before this you were
dead in the sense that you were
worshipping a dead God called ego now
it's a living God within you the spirit
once you start accepting your spirit all
your priorities change just like that
because spirit is joy happens then it is
SP so you start losing all your
interesting to other people this is body
when your auspiciousness
the creature thought that when you are
low can create and photograph can be
wonder if you become auspiciousness you
are the holiest of the voice for that
you have to get rid of some of the dirt
and the dust you have to get rid of some
of the false motions we have in the lips
of being some people have a mist that
they're guilty and some people as I told
you have so many hits but for giving up
this Kundalini works out you allow her
to work it out